README.md, before:

# snapshot-stack

Do things with votes including counting unique wallets, and simulating quadratic voting.

based on https://gist.github.com/enxyz/53c1dbc807c69da0aaefcd68f4b3cf17

For JavaScript wallet functions use https://github.com/enxyz/wallet-pals/tree/count-orange




# Reference 

OIP-37 - Four Test Events PULP 001 + 002 (2 shows each)

https://snapshot.org/#/orangedaoxyz.eth/proposal/0xa81c75b847e5038bcb61963f4871cc36cbf58d9e416990c212d18a31a1e19614


Original Results
Yes: Allocate 12,000 $ORANGE
389K ✺ORANG...
77.56%
No
113K ✺ORANG...
22.44%
Abstain (Counts towards quorum)
0 ✺ORANG...
0%

===============

votes for a multi-choice look like:

```
      {
        "id": "0xe4f6ed3467bab9a779c698acb02d102e00120cc7eec9cd53d7ee7f97449cb810",
        "voter": "0x6a5e19214F49e1A1E119B78B7FC97eCd06187A0f",
        "created": 1650048210,
        "proposal": {
          "id": "0xed66018cf282c555c0868558e14454f7edf4d4030cb999244e0c7efb151a579b"
        },
        "choice": {
          "2": 20,
          "3": 40,
          "5": 40
        },
        "space": {
          "id": "orangedaoxyz.eth"
        }
      },
      {
        "id": "0xf81cfa2e772f8d2c341b541c790d24ae53bd63c2dc904363df82de81d254d4d2",
        "voter": "0x5b9bbFe3738a7CbB93E869F7C1B43457F5D8fD31",
        "created": 1650045181,
        "proposal": {
          "id": "0xed66018cf282c555c0868558e14454f7edf4d4030cb999244e0c7efb151a579b"
        },
        "choice": {
          "3": 1,
          "4": 1,
          "5": 1
        },
        "space": {
          "id": "orangedaoxyz.eth"
        }
      },
      {
        "id": "0xa0ee8bc77d1f29cb69df0525202c32fc666e4cd69a30bc427c17d129fd58f64a",
        "voter": "0x4ee5dD458440aB14B3CCd36C1597FE3470617Cc7",
        "created": 1650041617,
        "proposal": {
          "id": "0xed66018cf282c555c0868558e14454f7edf4d4030cb999244e0c7efb151a579b"
        },
        "choice": {
          "2": 100,
          "3": 100,
          "4": 100
        },
        "space": {
          "id": "orangedaoxyz.eth"
        }
      },
      {
        "id": "0x5e72a5d2be8bc51f9ac7289673a05da84d27fa20950ce7cb81dcc4f2e7e0d584",
        "voter": "0xd74ba91eD759ae61f7aAcf8778f5541f4A082d08",
        "created": 1650040353,
        "proposal": {
          "id": "0xed66018cf282c555c0868558e14454f7edf4d4030cb999244e0c7efb151a579b"
        },
        "choice": {
          "2": 1,
          "3": 1,
          "4": 1
        },
```


non-multi-choice be like:
```
      {
        "id": "0x952bdd74ab4ab1dd150bc649ab5158ac49bbe049659b43838a613889fd7565c4",
        "voter": "0x170D32fa0872011c4f9879033534EF8Cec0758E8",
        "created": 1648246407,
        "proposal": {
          "id": "0xa81c75b847e5038bcb61963f4871cc36cbf58d9e416990c212d18a31a1e19614"
        },
        "choice": 2,
        "space": {
          "id": "orangedaoxyz.eth"
        }
      },
      {
        "id": "0x5fb9c19cfec7a1257146012c44c18dc799f71562d41deac91f07b50c2b6aa0db",
        "voter": "0xFC3C030DDD16D8E172603c560A131A8e30853F9A",
        "created": 1648244186,
        "proposal": {
          "id": "0xa81c75b847e5038bcb61963f4871cc36cbf58d9e416990c212d18a31a1e19614"
        },
        "choice": 1,
        "space": {
          "id": "orangedaoxyz.eth"
        }
      },
```

#TODO: seems to be backwards
Outputs
```sh
title
OIP-37 - Four Test Events PULP 001 + 002 (2 shows each)
choices
['Yes: Allocate 12,000 $ORANGE', 'No', 'Abstain (Counts towards quorum)']
outcomes [0, 3.140783388239116e+22, 7.032555532813515e+21]
hypothetical_outcomes [0, 545193027932.025, 176273053710.47034]
```

Commit message:

Fix using new proposal_id. Docs.

README.md, after:

# snapshot-stack

Do things with votes including counting unique wallets, and simulating quadratic voting.

based on https://gist.github.com/enxyz/53c1dbc807c69da0aaefcd68f4b3cf17

For JavaScript wallet functions use https://github.com/enxyz/wallet-pals/tree/count-orange
Roughly, take the output of unique wallets, run in wallet-pals to get a map to token balance, paste that here into the wallet_balances variable.


# usage

Adjust `proposal_id` and delete any existing local data files; it will broadly prefer any local data file even if for a different proposal. i.e.
- proposal.json
- votes.json


# Reference 

OIP-37 - Four Test Events PULP 001 + 002 (2 shows each)

https://snapshot.org/#/orangedaoxyz.eth/proposal/0xa81c75b847e5038bcb61963f4871cc36cbf58d9e416990c212d18a31a1e19614


Original Results
Yes: Allocate 12,000 $ORANGE
389K ✺ORANG...
77.56%
No
113K ✺ORANG...
22.44%
Abstain (Counts towards quorum)
0 ✺ORANG...
0%

===============

votes for a multi-choice look like:

```
      {
        "id": "0xe4f6ed3467bab9a779c698acb02d102e00120cc7eec9cd53d7ee7f97449cb810",
        "voter": "0x6a5e19214F49e1A1E119B78B7FC97eCd06187A0f",
        "created": 1650048210,
        "proposal": {
          "id": "0xed66018cf282c555c0868558e14454f7edf4d4030cb999244e0c7efb151a579b"
        },
        "choice": {
          "2": 20,
          "3": 40,
          "5": 40
        },
        "space": {
          "id": "orangedaoxyz.eth"
        }
      },
      {
        "id": "0xf81cfa2e772f8d2c341b541c790d24ae53bd63c2dc904363df82de81d254d4d2",
        "voter": "0x5b9bbFe3738a7CbB93E869F7C1B43457F5D8fD31",
        "created": 1650045181,
        "proposal": {
          "id": "0xed66018cf282c555c0868558e14454f7edf4d4030cb999244e0c7efb151a579b"
        },
        "choice": {
          "3": 1,
          "4": 1,
          "5": 1
        },
        "space": {
          "id": "orangedaoxyz.eth"
        }
      },
      {
        "id": "0xa0ee8bc77d1f29cb69df0525202c32fc666e4cd69a30bc427c17d129fd58f64a",
        "voter": "0x4ee5dD458440aB14B3CCd36C1597FE3470617Cc7",
        "created": 1650041617,
        "proposal": {
          "id": "0xed66018cf282c555c0868558e14454f7edf4d4030cb999244e0c7efb151a579b"
        },
        "choice": {
          "2": 100,
          "3": 100,
          "4": 100
        },
        "space": {
          "id": "orangedaoxyz.eth"
        }
      },
      {
        "id": "0x5e72a5d2be8bc51f9ac7289673a05da84d27fa20950ce7cb81dcc4f2e7e0d584",
        "voter": "0xd74ba91eD759ae61f7aAcf8778f5541f4A082d08",
        "created": 1650040353,
        "proposal": {
          "id": "0xed66018cf282c555c0868558e14454f7edf4d4030cb999244e0c7efb151a579b"
        },
        "choice": {
          "2": 1,
          "3": 1,
          "4": 1
        },
```


non-multi-choice be like:
```
      {
        "id": "0x952bdd74ab4ab1dd150bc649ab5158ac49bbe049659b43838a613889fd7565c4",
        "voter": "0x170D32fa0872011c4f9879033534EF8Cec0758E8",
        "created": 1648246407,
        "proposal": {
          "id": "0xa81c75b847e5038bcb61963f4871cc36cbf58d9e416990c212d18a31a1e19614"
        },
        "choice": 2,
        "space": {
          "id": "orangedaoxyz.eth"
        }
      },
      {
        "id": "0x5fb9c19cfec7a1257146012c44c18dc799f71562d41deac91f07b50c2b6aa0db",
        "voter": "0xFC3C030DDD16D8E172603c560A131A8e30853F9A",
        "created": 1648244186,
        "proposal": {
          "id": "0xa81c75b847e5038bcb61963f4871cc36cbf58d9e416990c212d18a31a1e19614"
        },
        "choice": 1,
        "space": {
          "id": "orangedaoxyz.eth"
        }
      },
```

#TODO: seems to be backwards
Outputs
```sh
title
OIP-37 - Four Test Events PULP 001 + 002 (2 shows each)
choices
['Yes: Allocate 12,000 $ORANGE', 'No', 'Abstain (Counts towards quorum)']
outcomes [0, 3.140783388239116e+22, 7.032555532813515e+21]
hypothetical_outcomes [0, 545193027932.025, 176273053710.47034]
```
